Add RC upgrade guide (#86)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/pre-release-modules.md

# Updating Modules to Pre-Release Versions

> On occasion when there is a new feature ready for the next major version of Altis that is compatible with the previous version we may create a pre-release version.

Reviewer: I think maybe we should call them "Preview Releases"; pre-release I think implies there will be an actual release?

Early adopters and those wishing to test or implement the new feature ahead of time can do so by opting in to the new module version.

## Opting in

To opt in to a pre-release of a module you need to require it directly in your root `composer.json`. The command to run is:

```
composer require altis/<module> <version>@RC --update-with-dependencies
```

> This will override the version constraint in the `altis/altis` meta package. The `@RC` modifier also overrides your project's minimum stability setting.

Reviewer 2: Does this override, or does it add `mininum-stability: rc` to the composer.json? If it _does_ do we also need to add `prefer-stable: true`?

Author: @joehoyle overrides for that dependency only, will update the wording to be more specific

Reviewer 2: I’m
Not sure I get how this works. Presumably this adds a single line to the composer.json or “2.1.0@RC”, but I don’t get how composer allows installing that if you haven’t set minimum stability? Is it that minimum-stability means “if it say version 3.0, accept 3.0-beta1 if it exists” so it’s still possible to include beta/rc versions without minimum-stability as long as you specify specifically that you want to allow beta versions on that package name? I was under the impression that wasn’t possible

> The reason these are released as "Release Candidates" is because we do not provide long term support for them. For instance if there is a `2.1.0-rc` version as soon `2.2.0-rc` is released then `2.1.0-rc` will no longer be patched. The features provided in these release candidates will always be part of the following major Altis release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module pre-releases are "Release Candidates" and are not covered by the long term support policy. For instance if there is a `2.1.0-rc` version as soon `2.2.0-rc` is released then `2.1.0-rc` will no longer be maintained. The features provided in these release candidates will always be part of the following major Altis release.
```

## Example

> The following is an example of updating to WordPress 5.3 in Altis v2. From your project root folder in an Altis v2 install you would run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of updating to Altis CMS 2.1 (which contains WordPress 5.3) in Altis v2. From your project root folder in an Altis v2 install you would run the following command.
```
